README.md, before:

# Lab exercises

This repo contains Jupyter notebooks for COMP0088's weekly lab sessions. The notebooks are intended to be run using Google's [Colaboratory](https://colab.research.google.com) service. Click on the **Open In Colab** badge for a notebook to run it. You will be warned that the notebook was not authored by Google — it wasn't, you'll just have to trust us. You should save a copy of the notebook in your own Google account so that you can save your changes.

Notebooks can *probably* also be run locally, but you will need to set up an appropriate Python environment, which can be quite fiddly. You are welcome to try this if it's something you are comfortable with, but we cannot provide any technical support for doing so.

Earlier versions of the lab exercises designed to run as local python scripts can be found in the [labs](https://github.com/comp0088/labs) repository. These cover very similar material and you are welcome to use them instead if you have some objection to Jupyter and/or Google, but again we cannot provide technical support.

* **Week 1 (6 October 2023)**
    - Exercises: [![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/comp0088/colab/blob/main/comp88_lab1.ipynb)
    - Solutions: [![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/comp0088/colab/blob/main/comp88_lab1%2Bsolutions.ipynb)
* **Week 2 (13 October 2023)**
    - Exercises: [![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/comp0088/colab/blob/main/comp88_lab2.ipynb)
    - Solutions: [![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/comp0088/colab/blob/main/comp88_lab2%2Bsolutions.ipynb)
* **Week 3 (20 October 2023)**
    - Exercises: [![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/comp0088/colab/blob/main/comp88_lab3.ipynb)
    - Solutions: [![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/comp0088/colab/blob/main/comp88_lab3%2Bsolutions.ipynb)
* **Week 4 (27 October 2023)**
    - Exercises: [![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/comp0088/colab/blob/main/comp88_lab4.ipynb)
    - Solutions: [![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/comp0088/colab/blob/main/comp88_lab4%2Bsolutions.ipynb)
* **Week 5 (3 November 2023)**
    - Exercises: [![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/comp0088/colab/blob/main/comp88_lab5.ipynb)
    - Solutions: [![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/comp0088/colab/blob/main/comp88_lab5%2Bsolutions.ipynb)
* **Week 6 (17 November 2023)**
    - Exercises: [![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/comp0088/colab/blob/main/comp88_lab6.ipynb)
    - Solutions: (will be posted after the labs)

Commit message:

added week 6 solutions and week 7 exercises

README.md, after:

# Lab exercises

This repo contains Jupyter notebooks for COMP0088's weekly lab sessions. The notebooks are intended to be run using Google's [Colaboratory](https://colab.research.google.com) service. Click on the **Open In Colab** badge for a notebook to run it. You will be warned that the notebook was not authored by Google — it wasn't, you'll just have to trust us. You should save a copy of the notebook in your own Google account so that you can save your changes.

Notebooks can *probably* also be run locally, but you will need to set up an appropriate Python environment, which can be quite fiddly. You are welcome to try this if it's something you are comfortable with, but we cannot provide any technical support for doing so.

Earlier versions of the lab exercises designed to run as local python scripts can be found in the [labs](https://github.com/comp0088/labs) repository. These cover very similar material and you are welcome to use them instead if you have some objection to Jupyter and/or Google, but again we cannot provide technical support.

* **Week 1 (6 October 2023)**
    - Exercises: [![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/comp0088/colab/blob/main/comp88_lab1.ipynb)
    - Solutions: [![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/comp0088/colab/blob/main/comp88_lab1%2Bsolutions.ipynb)
* **Week 2 (13 October 2023)**
    - Exercises: [![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/comp0088/colab/blob/main/comp88_lab2.ipynb)
    - Solutions: [![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/comp0088/colab/blob/main/comp88_lab2%2Bsolutions.ipynb)
* **Week 3 (20 October 2023)**
    - Exercises: [![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/comp0088/colab/blob/main/comp88_lab3.ipynb)
    - Solutions: [![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/comp0088/colab/blob/main/comp88_lab3%2Bsolutions.ipynb)
* **Week 4 (27 October 2023)**
    - Exercises: [![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/comp0088/colab/blob/main/comp88_lab4.ipynb)
    - Solutions: [![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/comp0088/colab/blob/main/comp88_lab4%2Bsolutions.ipynb)
* **Week 5 (3 November 2023)**
    - Exercises: [![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/comp0088/colab/blob/main/comp88_lab5.ipynb)
    - Solutions: [![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/comp0088/colab/blob/main/comp88_lab5%2Bsolutions.ipynb)
* **Week 6 (17 November 2023)**
    - Exercises: [![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/comp0088/colab/blob/main/comp88_lab6.ipynb)
    - Solutions: [![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/comp0088/colab/blob/main/comp88_lab6%2Bsolutions.ipynb)
* **Week 7 (24 November 2023)**
    - Exercises: [![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/comp0088/colab/blob/main/comp88_lab7.ipynb)
    - Solutions: (will be posted after the labs)
